I have grown up here and worthy farm I
now co-organized festival with my dad
Michael who started it in 1970 well
we've been farmers hid here for over 200
years
so the nature and the land and the trees
and the grass and the cattle in there
the birds is all part of them really
where we've been only somerset is ruled
by farms growing up here was very quiet
and very peaceful we spent a lot of time
just roaming the fields to be honest and
now my children here growing up on the
farm like I did so it's lovely the
festival when I was growing up was quite
small pretty much just occupied these
two fields people used to drive up leave
their car there camp next to their tent
now it's expanded to occupy ten farms
and beyond really with car parks the
festivals you know quite different now
and a lots happened to it I suppose over
the evolution we're always thinking of
green initiatives we want to incentivize
people to leave less waste to pack
consciously to not buy single-use items
that they will just be disposing of or
leaving here this year we're banning the
sale of single-use plastic bottles if
you were just saying cuz there's no way
you're gonna be able to do this because
we had to get all the soft drink
companies and all of the traders and all
of the wholesalers and everybody on
board we've been working in 2018 all
year it's been a vast huge job but it's
so satisfying to be able to say that we
can do it
we're selling water in cans instead
we're also having 60 refill points so
we've got a combination of kiosks or you
can do like a self-service and I think
it will probably take two to three years
for something to really kind of bed in
because it's so large so we'll be
learning a lot from the first couple of
years
I'd say it's quite appealing as a family
festival kids are free and everything's
free when you get here but it's quite
hard to pack light when you're bringing
lots of small children um but we are
asking people to use less disposable
items like wet wipes you know you just
have to that consider these things cuz
we've got so many items we're left with
and we're really asking people just from
the very first stage to be aware and
conscious of what they're packing the
best feeling for me is when people
arrive on the Wednesday because the city
just fells the festival site turns into
this enormous city of like celebration
and just the atmosphere is just so
amazing and high and people are so
excited to be here and that is the
moment where you go this is like the
best place in the world it's amazing
like the attitude of the festival goers
and the whole atmosphere that they
create every year that's what's really
special and unique about it I mean we
all want to live and to love and and
have great lives and and to feel
fulfilled and feel happy and satisfied
with our contribution to life
and enema what / - hyung has it's unfair
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]